Add image to cultural change (#3408)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/ethical-research/activism/activism-cultural-change.md

This section will continue to describe where you will encounter cultural change. 
This is followed by short summaries of works on cultural change, written by Adrienne Marie Brown, William and Susan Bridges and John P. Kotter. 

```{figure} ../../figures/culture-shift.*
---
name: culture shift

> alt: "The cartoon says that it is time for a cultural shift: we should value reproducibility as much as the amount of papers published. To illustrate this a scale is depicted, with on the one side a lot of objects, and on the other side only two objects with a shiny star on them. Both side weigh equally."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alt: A black, white, and purple cartoon of scales. On the one side are a lot of objects, with a person buried under the pile and peering out, and on the other side only two objects with a shiny star on them, and someone standing next to them with a smile. Both sides weigh equally. The text says 'time for a cultural shift, we should value reproducibility as much as the amount of papers published.'
```
